Add details to deprecation guidance (#1352)
pharmaverse/admiral: vignettes/programming_strategy.Rmd

As `{admiral}` is still evolving, functions or parameters may need to be removed or replaced with more 
efficient options from one release to another. In such cases, the relevant function or parameter 

> must be marked as deprecated. In the initial release a warning will be issued when using the function
> or parameter using `deprecate_warn()`. In the next release an error will be thrown using `deprecate_stop()`
> and finally in the release thereafter  the function will be removed from the package altogether.
> Information about deprecation timelines must be added to the warning/error message.

Reviewer: I think bullet points are needed to help make it clearer.  The phrase initial release is also confusing to me.    
```suggestion
must be marked as deprecated.  This deprecation is done in three phases over our release cycles:

-  **Phase 1:**  In the release where the identified function or parameter is to be deprecated there will be a warning issued when using the function or parameter using `deprecate_warn()`. 
-  **Phase 2:**  In the next release an error will be thrown using `deprecate_stop()`.
-  **Phase 3:**  Finally in the 3rd release thereafter  the function will be removed from the package altogether.
Information about deprecation timelines must be added to the warning/error message.

Note:  The deprecation cycle time for a function or parameter based on our current release schedule is 6 months.
```

Author: Nice!
